Let's review the exercise code.
So the first thing we want to do,
is add a require statement to ensure
that every oracle that submits a request pays the registration fee.
So we're going to make sure that the message value is greater than or
equal to the registration fee.
That's done. The next thing is we need to generate three random indexes
for this calling oracle so we'll create the array for that.
It'll be an in-memory array so we'll use the memory keyword there,
and we'll call it indexes and we'll call generateIndexes.
Now, let's take a little closer look at
generateIndexes because it has
some really important information that you should be aware of.
So if you look at the code here, I mean,
what it's doing within this particular function
is ensuring that none of the numbers are duplicated.
So it calls getRandomIndex and it assigns the first index.
It then checks to make sure that the number is not duplicated and so on.
There's probably 1,000 different ways this could be done,
some efficient, some inefficient.
But for the sake of clarity,
I just spelled it out there.
But really the crux of what we need to review is here on getRandomIndex.
So what this particular function is doing is,
it is relying on the combination of
the block hash function to get the block hash for a specific block.
In solidity, you can go back as many as 256 blocks and read the hash for those.
So that's the purpose of this variable called nonce here.
What it's doing is every time it's referenced,
it increments itself to ensure that you're getting
a different block hash that goes into the process of creating the random integer.
When it goes over 250,
it could probably say over 254,
is reset to zero.
It also uses as part of the catch of 256 hash that has been created here, the account.
So in this case the account is represented by the oracle
that is making the call to register oracle,
and so we add that also to the mix to make it a little more random.
Finally, we use the modulus of 10 to
ensure that the number we get is between zero and nine.
Now, this might give you a false sense of
security that there is a random number being generated here,
but let's keep in mind that blockchains are deterministic and the concept of
a truly random number doesn't exist on block chains.
So you can take measures and use techniques such as this,
this is just one technique, there are many other techniques that are used
for example in lottery and gambling, smart contracts.
But it's very important to remember that you can make a best effort,
you cannot have true randomness in blockchain code.
It's debatable whether you can have true randomness
in computers but that's a different story.
Right here, what we are trying to do is to add
as much variability as possible to whatever the parameters we
passed to the catch of 256 hash function to ensure that we get a random number.
Of course our range is 10 numbers,
so it's not going to be very large in the first place.
But it's an important consideration and I want to make sure I cover that.
So going back up here,
we have generated the value for the indexes and now what we can do is,
assign that to the oracles mapping and we'll
go ahead and add message.sender which is the oracle that is currently calling,
and we will assign those indexes to that oracle.
So this is how the registration works in a very simplistic manner.
The point of this exercise is to help you look at the architecture of it.
So there's lots of places where you could certainly have it be more robust,
more interesting, more compact,
etc, but the goal is to help you understand the architecture.
So some things might be way more deliberately expressed
than you would ordinarily do to make your contract more efficient.
Now, in working hand in hand with the registerOracle function,
is a getOracle function.
We make this privilege and have only
the contract owner call it because it would be self-defeating if
any oracle could get information about any oracle just by
knowing its address and to figure out what indexes were assigned to it.
So but we created this in order to support testing and speaking of testing.
Let's go and look at our test code.
But before I do that,
I just want to make a quick truffle compile and make sure that my code
compiles and then we'll switch over to the exercise.